simplify the project template (#4)
ohbm/hackathon2022: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/hackathon-project-template.md

*We are very excited to meet you at the 2022 OHBM Brainhack 🎉* *To submit a project, you need to be an attendee of the 2022 OHBM Brainhack. We ask you to register first over [here](http://www.humanbrainmapping.org/HackathonReg/). Thank you!*

*We have prepared this template to help with your project submission. Here is how to proceed:*

>  1. *Before fill the template and [the guidline](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md) be sure to include as many information as possible*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. *Before fill the template check [the guideline](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md). Be sure to include as many information as possible*
```

 2. *Submit the issue*
 3. *Check items in the checklist*
 4. *Once you are done (at least all 'required' items must be provided), please delete the "Guidelines" section add a comment saying 'hi @ohbm/project-monitors: My project is ready!'*

Thank you!

> *After submittion, we will assign a 'project monitor' to follow your submission. If at any time you need help or anything is unclear, please add a comment and ping your project monitor. Our team is here to help!*

Reviewer 2: Typo
```suggestion
*After submission, we will assign a 'project monitor' to follow your submission. If at any time you need help or anything is unclear, please add a comment and ping your project monitor. Our team is here to help!*
```

----------------------------
## Project info
<!-- *Please fill this in first and then submit the issue* 
See [here](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#link-to-project)
-->

**Title**:
<!--Name of your awesome project. Please also update the title of the issue to be the title of your project-->

**Project leaders with Mattermost handle and GitHub login**:
<!--Please provide more than one leader if possible and include the [Mattermost handle](https://mattermost.brainhack.org/) (i.e. your username). 
If you do not have an account, please [sign up here](https://mattermost.brainhack.org/signup_email).
Include the GitHub login if you are planning to use.
-->

**[In-person/online]**:
<!--Provide information if leaders are planning to be in-person and/or online. 

> If online, please provide your timezone (cf. https://www.timeanddate.com/time/map/ for example).

Reviewer 3: it would be great if providing timezone in an standard format e.g.
```
online
GMT+5
```

Reviewer 3: actually nevermind, provide the "venue" e.g. rising sun

-->

**Description**:
<!--Describe the main idea and context of your project in a few sentences.-->

**Link to project**:

**Goals for the OHBM Brainhack**
<!-- Describe what you want to achieve during this brainhack, 
see [here](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#goals)
-->

**Skills**:

> <!--Provide a list of the skills, you can specify required and recommended, 

Reviewer 3: @djarecka skills could be provided on per line to make it easier to parse

see [examples](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#onboarding-skills)
-->

**List of recommended tutorials**

> <!--TODO/trainhack-->

Reviewer 2: We will come back to this once we have the list settled!

**Good first issues**:
<!--If you would like to welcome new people, please provide a list of good-first-issues-->

**Chat channel**:

> <!-- If you are creating a channel on the [brainhack mattermost](https://mattermost.brainhack.org/) try to create a

Author: be clear that this will be created for them, but they can suggest the name

Reviewer 2: We can add a link to the [traintrack material](https://ohbm.github.io/hackathon2022/traintrack/) and suggest the project leader to have a look.

-   [ ] Chat channel: A link to a chat channel that will be used during the OHBM Brainhack. This can be an existing channel or a new one. We recommend using the [Brainhack space on mattermost](https://mattermost.brainhack.org/), cf. [here](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#chat).
-   [ ] Provide an image of your project for the OHBM brainhack website

You can also include information about (all optional):
-   [ ] Someone co-leading the project in the timeslot you have not selected to provide additional visibility.
-   [ ] Number of participants, cf. [here](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#participant-capacity)
-   [ ] Twitter-size summary of your project pitch, cf. [here](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#twitter-size-summary-of-your-project-pitch)

> -   [ ] Set up a kanban board on your repository to better divide the work and keep track of things, cf [here](https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#set-up-a-kanban-board)

Author: keep the twitter summary

Reviewer 3: Please let us know which field will have this summary! We want to include it on the project tweet.

Author: I'm sorry, missed your question... added `### Twitter summary`
Can you please check if this is the format you want to keep?
https://github.com/ohbm/hackathon2022/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/handbooks/projects.md#set-up-a-kanban-board

> -   [ ] Chat channel.

Author: remove it, if not provided, we will create the name
